‘Wantsome booking’ app offers a certain number of functionalities for both registered and
unregistered users. An enhanced experience will be offered to the registered users, who will
have access to the whole suite of functionalities, like reserving a room and managing their
favorite list.
In order to become registered, users have to go through a registering process, where they have
to provide a series of personal details used to better tailor their experience on ‘Wantsome
booking’.

As an unregistered user, a ‘Register’ button will be visible on the header of the
application and at the bottom of the content inside the landing page. Pressing that button
will redirect users to the ‘Register’ page.
The ‘Register’ page is split between two sections: ‘Login information’ and ‘Personal
information’
‘Login information’ section
Every field inside this section is mandatory.
First name (text field, mandatory field, accepts all types of characters, 30
max characters);
Last name (text field, mandatory field, accepts all types of characters, 30
max characters)
Email (mandatory field, validation of type {text}@{text}.{text}, 50 max
characters)
Password (mandatory field, validation is met if the following conditions are
met: at least 8 characters, at least one uppercase letter, at least one
lowercase letter, at least one number, at least one special character)
Week: it used only one type of characters (numbers or letters)
Medium: it used numbers and letters
Strong: it used numbers, letters and special characters
Re-type password (mandatory field, has to be the same value as the
password, validation is met if the following conditions are met: at least 8
characters, at least one uppercase letter, at least one lowercase letter, at
least one number, at least one special character).
‘Personal information’
Every field inside this section is optional, excepting Date of birth
Country (dropdown with a list of countries, optional field, clear icon for
clearing the selected value). The list of countries: United Kingdom,
Germany, Italy, Romania, China, United States, Canada, France, Japan,
Other
City (text field, optional field, 30 max characters)
Address 1 (text field, optional field, 50 max characters)
Address 2 (text field, optional field, 30 max characters)
Date of birth (date picker field, optional field), format dd/mm/yyyy
Gender (dropdown with Man / Woman / I prefer not to tell options,
optional field). If 'I prefer not to tell option' is selected, nothing will be
displayed on that field in the 'Account details' page of a logged in user.
Nationality (text field, mandatory field, 30 characters max).
A series of error messages will be presented to the user in case any of the validations
are not met.
For mandatory fields: “[Name of the field] should not be empty”
For password: "Your password must contain at least 8 characters, one
uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number and one special character)."
For retype password: "Your passwords must match"
For Email: "You must provide a valid email address."
If the user is under 18 years old, a message will appear “You have to be over 18
years in order to create an account”.
For the rest of the mandatory fields: "You must complete this mandatory field."
Under the register form, two buttons will appear:
‘Cancel’ which redirects the user to the page they navigated from.
‘Register’ which will redirect the user to the ‘Login’ page if every validation has
been met or show an error if any of the validations have not been met.
